In this video,
we're going to cover deleting grades with MVC controller.
Currently our application doesn't support deleting grades
via MVC controller,
so we'll apply TDD to add this functionality.
What we'll do is we'll start by writing a failing test,
and then we'll actually implement the functionality
to make the test pass,
so we'll go from red to green.
Alrighty, let's get started.
I'll move into my grade book controller test
and I'll do some initial setup here.
The first thing I need to do is inject the mathGradesDao
because we'll use that later on in our test.
Now we'll move on down
and we'll actually start writing our actual test.
Let me zoom in here for a second.
What I'd like to do is actually retrieve the grade
from the database,
so I'll make use of the mathGradesDao.
And I'll say find by ID of one.
That's one of the grades that were set up initially
and our before each.
And then I'll make sure that this given great exist.
So I'll do an assert true here,
and I'll say mathGrade.isPresent.
Next I'll go ahead and perform the web request.
So this is for deleting the grade,
so I'll do a get on/grades/ID/grade type.
I'll perform the get request.
Alrighty, so now we can actually grab the model and view,
and then we can assert the view name.
So if everything was successful,
then it should return the page student information.
And then also we can confirm
that the grade was really deleted
by trying to retrieve it from the database
using that mathGradesDao.
Here I'll say mathGradesDao.findbyId of one,
and then I'll assert false,
making sure that this item was not present.
Okay, great, so that's just confirm
the grade was deleted.
Now this is a failing test, right?
Cause we haven't written any functionality,
but let's go ahead and run the test real quick.
As you can see the test fails
because we have not implemented the functionality
in the grade book controller for deleting.
And that's expected, right?
We're starting with the failing test
and then we'll write some code and make the test pass.
So we'll kind of go from red to green.
And we'll cover that in the next video.